Titen - Construction & Architecture Website Home About Services Projects Contact Home About Services Projects Contact Hospitality Urban Wellness Spa Inspired by Japanese minimalism and biophilic design, the spa seamlessly integrates natural elements, soft light, and mindful architecture to create a soothing atmosphere. Urban Wellness Spa Inspired by Japanese minimalism and biophilic design, the spa seamlessly integrates natural elements, soft light, and mindful architecture to create a soothing atmosphere. Urban Wellness Spa Inspired by Japanese minimalism and biophilic design, the spa seamlessly integrates natural elements, soft light, and mindful architecture to create a soothing atmosphere. Eco-Lodge Retreat Inspired by the raw beauty of the landscape, this retreat integrates eco-conscious design, immersive wellness experiences, and off-grid living. Hospitality | 2025 Cliffside Boutique Hotel Panoramic sea views, sun-drenched terraces, and an intimate atmosphere redefine luxury, offering guests a serene haven between sky and sea. Hospitality | 2025 The Serenity Resort Thoughtfully crafted spaces, open-air pavilions, and a deep respect for the surrounding ecosystem create an atmosphere of balance, stillness, and rejuvenation. Hospitality | 2025 Let’s Work Together We're here to help you bring your construction project to life! Whether you have questions, want to discuss your ideas. First Name Last Name Email Phone Message Submit Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Create a free website with Framer, the website builder loved by startups, designers and agencies.
