Titen - Construction & Architecture Website Home About Services Projects Contact Home About Services Projects Contact Residential The Horizon House Developed in collaboration with master craftsmen and sustainable material experts, this residence is a testament to the harmony between modernist architecture and the natural landscape, where light, air, and structure work as one to create an immersive living experience. The Horizon House Developed in collaboration with master craftsmen and sustainable material experts, this residence is a testament to the harmony between modernist architecture and the natural landscape, where light, air, and structure work as one to create an immersive living experience. The Horizon House Developed in collaboration with master craftsmen and sustainable material experts, this residence is a testament to the harmony between modernist architecture and the natural landscape, where light, air, and structure work as one to create an immersive living experience. Minimalist Retreat Conceived as a seamless integration of architecture and landscape, this residence is a collaboration with skilled artisans and material specialists, ensuring every detail enhances the purity of form and function. Residential | 2025 Urban Courtyard Residence Crafted in collaboration with leading artisans and sustainable material specialists, the home embodies a refined minimalism where spatial fluidity and natural elements shape an atmosphere of calm and openness. Residential | 202 The Glass Pavilion Developed in collaboration with master craftsmen and sustainable material experts, the home embodies a refined minimalism that allows the surrounding landscape to become an integral part of the living experience. Residential | 2025 Let’s Work Together We're here to help you bring your construction project to life! Whether you have questions, want to discuss your ideas. First Name Last Name Email Phone Message Submit Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Create a free website with Framer, the website builder loved by startups, designers and agencies.
