Titen - Construction & Architecture Website Home About Services Landing Page. Simple, bold. Projects Contact Home About Services Landing Page. Simple, bold. Projects Contact W h a t w e d o Our Services 01 Structural Engineering At Metanova, we provide expert structural engineering consulting tailored to ensure the safety, durability, and efficiency of your building projects. Whether you’re designing a new structure, renovating an existing one, or assessing a building’s integrity, our team delivers innovative and cost-effective solutions to meet your needs. Learn more Key Point Structural design (wood, steel, concrete) Value engineering & cost optimization Structural analysis and feasibility Design coordination with architectural and civil teams Construction drawings and technical documentation 01 Structural Engineering At Metanova, we provide expert structural engineering consulting tailored to ensure the safety, durability, and efficiency of your building projects. Whether you’re designing a new structure, renovating an existing one, or assessing a building’s integrity, our team delivers innovative and cost-effective solutions to meet your needs. Learn more Key Point Structural design (wood, steel, concrete) Value engineering & cost optimization Structural analysis and feasibility Design coordination with architectural and civil teams Construction drawings and technical documentation 01 Structural Engineering At Metanova, we provide expert structural engineering consulting tailored to ensure the safety, durability, and efficiency of your building projects. Whether you’re designing a new structure, renovating an existing one, or assessing a building’s integrity, our team delivers innovative and cost-effective solutions to meet your needs. Learn more Key Point Structural design (wood, steel, concrete) Value engineering & cost optimization Structural analysis and feasibility Design coordination with architectural and civil teams Construction drawings and technical documentation 02 Project Management & Development Consulting We provide end-to-end project management and development consulting for residential and mixed-use projects across Quebec. From strategic planning and zoning coordination to construction oversight, we guide projects from concept to completion with clarity, structure, and accountability. Learn more Key Point Budgeting & financial forecasting Scheduling & milestone control Zoning amendments & municipal coordination Infrastructure planning & contractor oversight Risk management & regulatory strategy 02 Project Management & Development Consulting We provide end-to-end project management and development consulting for residential and mixed-use projects across Quebec. From strategic planning and zoning coordination to construction oversight, we guide projects from concept to completion with clarity, structure, and accountability. Learn more Key Point Budgeting & financial forecasting Scheduling & milestone control Zoning amendments & municipal coordination Infrastructure planning & contractor oversight Risk management & regulatory strategy 02 Project Management & Development Consulting We provide end-to-end project management and development consulting for residential and mixed-use projects across Quebec. From strategic planning and zoning coordination to construction oversight, we guide projects from concept to completion with clarity, structure, and accountability. Learn more Key Point Budgeting & financial forecasting Scheduling & milestone control Zoning amendments & municipal coordination Infrastructure planning & contractor oversight Risk management & regulatory strategy Start Your Dream Project Today Whether you’re envisioning a custom home, a commercial space, or a major renovation, our team of experienced professionals is here to guide you every step of the way. With a commitment to quality, innovation, & client satisfaction. Contact us Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Create a free website with Framer, the website builder loved by startups, designers and agencies.
