Titen - Construction & Architecture Website Home About Services Projects Contact Home About Services Projects Contact Commercial The Vertical Hub By combining innovative spatial planning with biophilic design principles, The Vertical Hub stands as a model for high-density urban development, redefining how people engage with the built environment. The Vertical Hub By combining innovative spatial planning with biophilic design principles, The Vertical Hub stands as a model for high-density urban development, redefining how people engage with the built environment. The Vertical Hub By combining innovative spatial planning with biophilic design principles, The Vertical Hub stands as a model for high-density urban development, redefining how people engage with the built environment. Modular Office Space By integrating smart technology, sustainable materials, and ergonomic design, this project reimagines how office spaces can enhance productivity, collaboration, and employee well-being. Commercial | 2025 The Future Workspace This project reimagines the workplace as a dynamic, adaptable ecosystem that fosters collaboration, creativity, and well-being while integrating cutting-edge sustainability and smart technologies. Commercial | 2025 The Adaptive Mall Designed for adaptability, the mall features modular store configurations, interactive digital experiences, and a sustainable infrastructure that fosters an ever-changing, immersive shopping environment. Commercial | 2025 Let’s Work Together We're here to help you bring your construction project to life! Whether you have questions, want to discuss your ideas. First Name Last Name Email Phone Message Submit Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Let’s Talk! Ready to take the first step toward realizing your dream project? Contact us today for a consultation and let's turn your vision into a reality. Build project with us Designing the Future, One Space at a Time 7005, boulevard Taschereau, Suite 305 Brossard, Quebec J4Z 1A7 Mail us: info@metanova.ca Call us: +1 (514) 222-3444 © 2026 MetaNova. All Rights Reserved. Create a free website with Framer, the website builder loved by startups, designers and agencies.
